Grandma Xiao Wang
What happened to Xiaoyan?
Why are you crying?
Grandma, I need your help with something
Dear granddaughter, please speak slowly.
Don't worry.
Here's the thing.
Xiaoyan, at that time, I tried my best to match you and caution
On the one hand, I want to see with my own eyes and start a family cautiously
And on the other hand?
I want you to get rid of it as soon as possible
Your father's control and exploitation
It doesn't sound good.
Your father doesn't have the slightest parental affection for you
Nana
I know you love me
My mother died early
Although my father is not very kind to me
But blood is thicker than water
But my only lover in the world
I can't just watch him go to jail
grandma
Silly child, Jingshan and I are both your relatives
I didn't ask you for anything
Just help me this once
Grandma, okay, auntie, don't worry.
Grandma will figure it out
Thank you, Grandma.
Which man borrowed you?
My mom wasn't here before
Since you can't do it well, Mrs. Lu
Learn to be a good nanny
The Lu family doesn't need money
I'll rent you something to eat and serve it up.
cautious